This directory includes examples of using the libfo library from the
xmlroff XSL Formatter.

This is part of the xmlroff XSL Formatter project.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
xmlroff is a fast, free, high-quality, multi-platform XSL formatter
that aims to excel at DocBook formatting and that integrates easily
with other programs and with scripting languages.

The xmlroff XSL Formatter is a library -- libfo -- and a command-line
program -- xmlroff -- for formatting XML according to the XSL 1.0
Recommendation.

See http://xmlroff.org/.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The version numbers of 'libfo-examples' releases are the same as the
version of xmlroff that is current at the time of the 'libfo-examples'
release.  However, any version of this package may be used with any
version of xmlroff with the same 'minor' number, although using the
newest 'libfo-examples' version is recommended since new versions tend
to have bug fixes and ease of use improvements and, occasionally,
better documentation.

All of these example programs accept the same or similar command-line
arguments as xmlroff itself.  All of them will display their usage in
response to the '--help' command-line parameter.

xmlroff-basic
-------------

xmlroff-basic demonstrates the 'basic' interface to libfo that does
not use either GObject or FoObject.

xmlroff-init2
-------------

xmlroff-init2 demonstrates using the 'basic' interface with your own
memory allocation functions.

xmlroff-libfo
-------------

xmlroff-libfo demonstrates using libfo through the finer granularity
FoXslFormatter (and FoLibfoContext and FoXmlDoc) objects.

xmlroff-text-tree
-----------------

xmlroff-text-tree demonstrates accessing the FO tree as FoNode
objects.

xmlroff-text-tree2
------------------

xmlroff-text-tree2 demonstrates accessing the area tree as GObjects.

xmlroff-gmodule
---------------

xmlroff-gmodule and gmodule-area-tree demonstrate using a loadable
module that accesses the area tree as GObjects.  You need to use the
gmodule-area-tree.so in the .libs directory for it to work.

Example:

   ./xmlroff-gmodule --module .libs/gmodule-area-tree.so <xml>

xmlroff-gtktree
---------------

xmlroff-tree is a work-in-progress that demonstrates GTK widgets for a
tree view of the FO tree.


License
=======

These examples are licensed under the terms of a BSD license.
See the file COPYING for details.


Mailing List
============

xmlroff and libfo are discussed on the xmlroff-list@xmlroff.org
mailing list.  See http://xmlroff.org/wiki/MailingLists

Tony Graham
9 March 2009
